Update changelog and version for v4.0.0 (#274)
skyway/skyway-js-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## release note

## [v4.0.0](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/releases/tag/v4.0.0) - 2020-11-09

### Breaking Changes

- Fixed UMD exports and changed to use `globalThis` object instead of `window` object. ([#268](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/268))

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug that caused the Chrome browser to crash when multiple people joined the SFU Room at the same time. ([#272](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/272))
- Fixed a bug that prevented some Peer communication from being established when multiple people joined the SFU Room at the same time. ([#272](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/272))
- Fixed a problem in which unnecessary warnings were displayed by events such as iceConnectionFailed. ([#267](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/267))

> - Fixed warning when installing skyway-js on npm. ([#266](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/266))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the package to remove the warning when installing skyway-js from npm.([#266](https://github.com/skyway/skyway-js-sdk/pull/266))
```

How about this one?
